100,000 for it
Why are you here again?
I don't know.
Your words can easily lead to misunderstandings.
I don't know what to say.
But I have something I want to ask you for help with
Go out and say
Why are you in such a hurry to find me?
I went back with the contract
I accidentally missed my mouth.
Grandpa asked me to take this fake fiancé back
Otherwise, cut ties with me
I see. Your grandfather is afraid of causing trouble.
Just help me see my grandpa again
Don't worry, my grandpa is very nice.
As long as you make things clear, it's fine
No problem, I'll handle it for you.
Grandpa, I'm back.
You are the fake that Yunyan found
Hello old man
My name is Fang Chen
Not called porn
It's you who took action to repay Wang Tianshao
Me.
He was the one who drugged Yunyan first and had a crooked mind
Wang Tianshao likes my sister again
That's my sister's blessing.
And you stabbed the building for our Xiao family
I didn't kill him.
I've endured it
Shut up about our Xiao family
It's not your turn to fight with outsiders
Now kneel down and repent
Then go and beg Wang Tian's forgiveness
That's what it says about reconciliation.
Grandpa calm down
The big deal is that we don't want this list in the Xiao family.
What do you know?
We go up and down the Qiao family
Are counting on this list
If you say no, don't you want it?
Yo, it's all there.